my name is andreas otto i am the
head of operations
use stelle
we are all with a band of 954 2
vote then
Note also from window
few minutes after
the alarm
the first lifts have already rolled
the control center increased to four with brand
personal injury and the addition of explosion
Then there are four fire engines with additional equipment
Vehicles then got one
developed apartment fire in six
upstairs
those found today and immediate
with firefighting and comfort
ventilation of the
above it are the apartment started
The fighting was a bit difficult at the beginning
because
brand flat
parts are run down
we'll have it full later unfortunately
a lifeless person found
otherwise
but no further attempts
the
currently is beaten by the police
answers from the state criminal police
submit
arrived and will
start with the cause of the fire we have
at the moment prepared with the
technical service a crane and a
trough and then with the post-work
continue to begin
when the ball
from the police
the fire debris safely home
bring to
has had this explosion too
neighboring apartments and their tenants
There are four apartments below and above
but have been opened with damage
There are no restrictions on living
the apartment
The brand apartment itself must of course
to be rehabilitated and a statiker had to
to look again the construction supervision was
on the spot and also has the
Brand apartment saved but otherwise
no damage
because of damage to the building
determined and therefore no
to drive measures
there are findings about the
cause of the fire can cause the cause
i do not tell them for that is the
forces of the state criminal police since the
certainly give further information
can
firefighters use
yes that depends a bit on now
We pass the apartment with it
get from the police as said the
Apartment is currently closed and only
then we can with the
start after-work
the shock yet according to some house
to take